I was at Laguna Beach and so are other
people out there supporting a vigil for
people who are victims of illegal
immigration and basically that was the
point of the Meetup and because of
Charlottesville and because of the media
lying and calling everyone in neo-nazi
we had to have police barricades we had
to have police on horseback we had three
helicopters in the air we had all kinds
of security and why is that
it's because the anti put thugs showed
up and they assaulted my friend RC max
well here it is
[Music]
breaking news what was supposed to be
peaceful protests over immigration
devolved into violent clashes tonight in
Laguna Beach rituals Rick Martinez
showed us a relatively peaceful scene
earlier tonight but it took a rowdy and
violence run within the last hour or so
Rick
adrián Cathy these this rally encounter
protest lasted for hours there was a
large crowd out here that remained
mostly peaceful probably about a
thousand or more people out here this
and video from news chopper 4 to show
you late tonight the crowd being pushed
off the street by police about 90
minutes ago Laguna Beach police
declaring unlawful assembly after things
became unruly heated arguments here at
the beach tonight turned violence he
supports her in a matter of seconds the
war of words turned to shoving dragging
and pepper spray hitting the crowd now I
don't know if that guy's on drugs
I don't know why he was so hyper violent
and so aggressive and hostile but
basically what happened was me Artie
Maxwell tomaría and two camera guys
ahead went to the NP beside and
basically RC Maxwell was walking around
with a trump hat and a model innopolis
book and we then got swarmed in and they
all were around us and they kept trying
to take the hat off of his head or they
kept trying to steal the hat from his
hands and I was trying to protect him to
some degree but because of the tugging
of the Hat tugging of the Hat and the
escalation of pepper spray a random
person came out from behind us and
pulled him and we were all pepper
sprayed in the face so because I was
pepper sprayed and I went through the
size of my glasses I was very concerned
for RC Maxwell safety and I was also
concerned for my camera guys there so I
tried to push that guy away I didn't
want to throw any punches or punch that
guy in the face because it's bad optics
the media would smear me because there's
a lot of fake news cameras there and
basically the media will just fill me
getting my ass kicked by multiple and
people people because we were on the
Antipa side so again if i threw punches
win or lose I will get jumped because
there were multiple Antipa people there
and there was no way I could protect
myself so my best interest was hoping
that RC Maxwell can get out of the
street because he was blind and I didn't
want him to get ran over by a car so
that was a huge deal to me and I'm glad
that everyone was safe and no one truly
got injured or died even though I have
two sprained fingers but that's no big
deal that something nature can heal so I
am not too worried about that but the
problem here is these people are so
unhappy
and so uncivil it's just it just amazes
me that out of the blue they just put
you in a chokeslam and they assault you
now this guy is really crazy I don't
know his name I want to know who he is
we want to press charges on this guy but
he also after the pepper spraying of our
c-max well he decides to follow RC
across the street and then punch him in
the face when no one is looking is crazy
this guy is insane I don't know who he
is but I am sure he's a paid agitator
speaking of paid agitators take a look
at this bus here it says Inland Empire
on it meaning a lot of ass people people
were bused in from other parts of
Southern California and they were bused
to Laguna Beach on purpose this was an
astroturf movement this was all optics
done by the left they're very organized
and this whole thing was being sponsored
by the Democratic socialists of America
and they are the bridge group between
communism and the normies what they like
to do and this is what the DSA does they
print signs they get people milk to give
people resources and they go hey why
don't you become a socialist just like
us because the Democratic socialists of
America they were there at the black
lives matters events at end the riots
giving black lives matters free milk for
their eyes when they get pepper sprayed
or mace or tear gas they were there
given the resources and that's what they
did here so and very obvious it's an
astroturf movement it is not grassroots
on their side it was well organized that
printed signs and the fake news is going
to pretend that it was organic but I
could tell you straight up it was not
organic
it was astroturf and fake and I actually
like the fact that Johnny Benitez
actually hosted his side on a grassroots
level and we didn't have a lot of people
there because we don't need a lot of
people there that is self-evident proof
right there that California is a very
communist state and going forward here
with my content I'm going to be working
with grassroots activists in Southern
California to give you guys the full
perspective here of Ground Zero of the
left-wing communism that is infiltrating
the United States because if California
can successfully do all the communist
things that wants
do it we'll then trickle to Seattle and
Portland and Washington and other places
out there and then eventually it will
all come in to the flyover State and lo
and behold we will be a communist
country so if you like this content
please like and subscribe as they always
say shout out to the Wolfpack thanks a
lot to my page now donors don't worry I
am okay I won't die I'll see you again
thanks a lot have a nice day
[Music]